Add docs for `Running` CI Pipelines (#20899)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/troubleshooting.md

2. Make sure the Datadog Agent host is properly configured and is reachable by the Datadog Plugin. You can test connectivity by clicking on the **Check connectivity with the Datadog Agent** button on the Jenkins plugin configuration UI.
3. Check for any errors in the Jenkins logs. You can enable debug-level logs for the Datadog plugin by [creating a `logging.properties` file][1] and adding the line: `org.datadog.level = ALL`.

### Pipeline execution view not found

> If you click on a pipeline execution with running status, a "Pipeline execution was running more than 3 days" message is shown. Data is received progressively for stages, jobs, or custom commands. Wait until the pipeline has finished and try again.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence. If it's not found, is it because it has been running for more than 3 days?

Author: Actually, this should not change.

Author: Actually, this must not change as this can still happen for other CI Providers. I've changed again to the initial paragraph, with a link to the `Supported Features`.

> If you click on a pipeline execution with running status, a "Pipeline execution was running more than 3 days" message is shown. Data is received progressively for stages, jobs, or custom commands. Please wait until the pipeline has finished and try again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you click on a pipeline execution with running status, a "Pipeline execution was running more than 3 days" message is shown. Data is received progressively for stages, jobs, or custom commands. Wait until the pipeline has finished and try again.
```

Missing stages or jobs in the _Pipeline Details_ page might be due to a wrong configuration. Make sure that the pipeline name stored in the stage or job executions matches the **same** name of their parent pipeline. If you are using custom pipelines, refer to the [public API endpoint specification][15].

> ### Limitations on Running Pipelines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Limitations on running pipelines
```

> #### Delivery of webhook events is not ensured by CI providers

Reviewer: Is ensured the right word here? Maybe `guaranteed`?

Running pipelines support relies on data sent from CI providers indicating execution status. If this data is not available, executions marked as `Running` in Datadog may have already finished. 

#### Maximum duration for a pipeline execution

> The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution in CI Visibility.

Reviewer 3: With what status? @drodriguezhdez 

(made some edits)

Author: ```suggestion
The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution as usual in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`, etc).
```

If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you will see the pipeline finished with the correspondent status (success, failed, canceled, skipped, etc).  There's no special status for this case.

> The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution as usual in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`, etc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution as usual in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`, or more).
```

> The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution as usual in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`, or more).

Author: ```suggestion
The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. After that time, the pipeline execution will not appear in CI Visibility if it is still running. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution as usual in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`) and with the correct duration.
```

I think this sentence is not clear enough. (Feedback received from @liashenko)

> The maximum duration that a pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status is 3 days. After that time, the pipeline execution will not appear in CI Visibility if it is still running. If a pipeline execution finishes after 3 days, you can visualize the finished pipeline execution as usual in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`) and with the correct duration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A pipeline execution can maintain `Running` status for a maximum of three days. If it is still running after that time, the pipeline execution does not appear in CI Visibility. If a pipeline execution finishes after three days, the finished pipeline execution appears in CI Visibility with its correspondent final status (`Success`, `Error`, `Canceled`, `Skipped`) and with the correct duration.
```
